Cash Luna
Hello, how are you?
I know that you are aware of everything that is happening in the world
My prayer is that you are confident
that you are in good company
and that His presence will always go with you
[Lead]
You are the Father who takes care of his own
you never lose sight to none
The one who is not lacking in such hard times
you see individuals but love the world
[Lowsan Melgar]
You freed from all hidden danger
I am not afraid of the night terror
I know that I can put all the fear on your shoulders
death does not touch us because you are with us
[Kim Richards - Un Corazón]
You give me your peace, now my soul does not fear
I live in the shadow of the one who can do it all
You wrap me in your arms, your plans cover me
We are your children, let everyone listen
[Kike Pavón]
Only one path and it's called Christ
I believe by faith although I have never seen it
There is a way out of everything, if you are guiding
God is real for the one who did not even believe
[Evan Craft]
I cling to you prince of peace
Lamb and Lion, you can always do more
Enemies flee in front of you
you go to my sides and behind me
[Gabriel EMC P R]
He who guards me will not sleep
He who takes care of me will rise
My rock is the one that will not move
castle that will not collapse
[Madiel Lara]
Sword that cuts diseases
shield that the plague
can't get through nor the things to come, God never fails
[ Jay Kalyl]
I will live clinging to the power that is in your name
Jesus' blood covers us, just name where
Spain, Puerto Rico, Guatemala, even China
Jesus Christ is the hope for Latin America
[Josh Gamez]
Soon help, my refuge, you will be my strength
You cover me with your hand from head to toes
Your strong arm supports me, does not let go of me
My life is yours, yours, no matter what comes
[Musiko]
Although tests, doubts or fears come,
my strength is in you, heal my pains
Whatever happens, my faith is in You
And I won't move
I will not move
Although tests, doubts or fears come,
in you is my strength, heal my pains
Whatever happens, my faith is in You
And I won't move
I will not move
[Cash Luna]
Being apart from you right now reminds me that you have the best Father of all
That He will never leave you alone and will always cover you with His hand.